## What are the objectives for the pilot?

Booz Allen recommends designing a pilot that runs between four and six months to test content and learning methods. The pilot will build awareness and foster interest in the digital service training and development program. The pilot will be primarily composed of 25-30 students with general procurement experience and an awareness of digital service processes (similar to the Gary persona). Nonetheless, we recommend diversifying the student base with 4-5 students representative of the Emma persona (thorough knowledge of acquisitions in general, no experience in digital service) given the longer-term opportunity to target education for Contracting Officer’s Representatives (COR) and select business and IT program managers. We recommend to structure this around 80 hours of formal in-class training, and 4-6 hours per week over the remaining 3-4 months for an estimated 160 hours per student. This is in line with existing FAC-C level II and III certification commitments and as previously articulated an opportunity for integration in future iterations of the program. Throughout the pilot, monitoring and feedback mechanisms will be established and promoted to gather input and inform improvement of the content and delivery aimed at increasing engagement and satisfaction for the next iteration.

Our initial focus will be on experienced acquisition experts interested in furthering their skills in modern IT product, platform, and services acquisition. We recommend selecting candidates across multiple agencies that are currently supporting the stand-up of digital service teams or high-profile initiatives with OMB and USDS (e.g., redesign of a major consumer-facing .gov website). Additionally, the expectation is that many members of the first cohort will become trained trainers and mentors for future events beyond the initial pilot as program starts to scale across government.
